[Music]
you
many times the symbol of Lakshmi was
created really beautifully and it was so
that she came out of the water through
the water she came out so cleaned and
she has no pride
she doesn't assert herself she doesn't
put her pressure on others but human
beings are just opposite if they have
money they ride on a horse all the time
they cannot come down is impossible to
talk to them so a person who is money is
not a one who is worshiping it actually
she stands on a lotus that she takes all
her weight within herself in the same
way we have to suck in all the weight of
money weight of your positions weight of
your so-called education weight of some
aristocratic family you are born off
this is all nonsense which makes you a
heavy person to go down very fast so she
stands her fruits in a way on the Lotus
and what a thing is beautiful is Lotus
that she doesn't disturb any petals of
the lotus nothing she just stands
peacefully in a balance her center of
gravity is so balanced that she cannot
topple down you must be grounded in the
mother earth into the practical side of
it it's nothing something we are hanging
in the air but we are grounded in the
mother earth and a slightest thing happy
to us again we come back to our balance
so this is her position when she stands
up in the Lotus now she has a hand one
hand like this one hand like this their
two hands which have got again the
lotuses the Penguins yesterday you saw
the pink pink is her fragrance I think
is spread on the sky her nature is pink
pink is inviting is loving she is a very
fond hostess that she wants everybody to
come in in her house but if you see a
rich man he'll have ten dogs outside and
nobody can come inside the house so the
house is closed the doors are closed
everything closed money is closed
permanently so such a person cannot be
called as Lakshmi buddy he's not
eligible because he must have a cozy
beautiful cozy again I say cozy house
cause he doesn't mean like a hospital
anything drops if he frightened oh my
god let me pick it up cause he means
where you are comfortable it's all right
may I have to be not to this extreme or
that extreme but something that will
give joy to others to visitors to people
who come to your house you soothe the
sick people should feel happy to come to
your house so there's no showing off not
to show but to make them comfortable and
very happy
so the basic subtle point is that that
with your love you are encouraging
everyone you are helping everyone you
are creating a confidence in him his
personality and a kind of a report which
is very
you are not there to point out the bad
points but you are there to cover all
the bad points all the loopholes with
your love that's your job and there you
have to be honest
the honesty is for yourself not for us
keep that honesty to yourself because
maybe is rational and maybe that it is
just a matter of habit that you are
trying to hurt others so first check on
your mind and find out if you are trying
to hurt others or you are trying to
please others otherwise don't talk just
keep quiet if you are going to say
something to please others talk
otherwise just don't talk and you'll be
surprised when you say nice things to
other how nice this comes to you now
another thing is that the suggestion is
of the left hand is like this mitch is
giving a person was money must give but
so secretly that this hand should not
know is so far away this one this hand
should give just security sometimes it's
difficult to give money to anyone I find
it difficult because I find it that
people will not like it so that is a way
of giving there are so sweet ways of
giving just try to notice what that
person likes so there should be a
feeling of giving at the right time at
the best abortion moment that is also
one thing just like a camera man knows
when to click in the same way you must
know where to click when giving is
concerned it should not be sensational
but it should be elevating and that
helps the person because whatever you
give for spiritual growth is the one
that is them best thing that you can
give to anyone even in material things
there are so many ways if you want to
think about it of giving someone
something that spiritually he feels
for today he feels happy and joyous for
sahaja Yogi's is very easy to handle
their money with respect to I have
something it should have a value behind
that is the Dharma part anything that
has an artistic value or some special
work then you should buy them you want
to give to something to others then the
feelings you have in your heart is the
value and that value is the real luxury
so if your Lakshmi
they say this much once you add to each
value it becomes so the another hand is
like this this hand is shown that you
have to protect you have to protect we
have to protect our children we have to
protect our wives we have to protect our
husbands whatever is good whatever is
beautiful produced created by a one even
by a child must be protected
you must have feelings for them so what
we have to protect here is the goodness
is the peace you must protect a person
who's virtuous very important but you
must see things you must be informed
when informed specially the ladies must
be very very involved it is very
important because what I find ladies in
sahaja yoga they come they just jump in
the scene finish that that's not the way
you must learn how to swim you must know
how to make others also to save to
protect them you must know everything
that's going on in this world where you
are born you have to put your attention
to all these things especially the women
must know their chakras their Shakti is
of love of attention
so this protect you
speciality has to be with us the sign of
a person who is Laxmi potty is this you
should have a house like the Lotus in
the hands of the goddess he should
protect people who are depending on him
and from the left hand he should give
this is the image of the Lakshmi
this is what the Lakshmi is within you
if you have these four things in balance
without conditioning without evil then
you are a sahaja yoga otherwise you are
not so this is the beauty of sahaja Yoga
is that you become really a great
personality
but it's not the end of it this is only
the Lakshmi principle I told when in a
human being the desire to rise higher
comes in the Lakshmi principle becomes
the Mahalakshmi principle in the
awareness it acts on the matter like
aesthetics people worry moreover about
aesthetics then about possessions and
when they start growing higher and
higher in their awareness of seeking
then they find that the attention should
be such that they should pay more
importance to the aesthetics of things
than to the gross gross values now when
this desire becomes evident in the human
beings then only Lakshmi incarnate as
Mahalakshmi
thus the mahalakshmi's greatest weakness
is that through her power only the
sushumna is covered by Kundalini she's
the power of our evolution and by her
power only we have risen to be human
beings she looks after all our
well-being she's the one who looks after
all of our problems of redemption she's
the one who gives us all the possible
help in our chakras and correction of
them and she's the one who gives us all
that is material or physical well-being
she's the one who relates us to abrade
the whole brain system is Mahalakshmi
system so it is she who exposes the
whole of the knowledge as truth to us on
our central nervous system in the sense
she's the bridge but the kundalini rises
over the bridge so she's the Redeemer
and she connects you to God once this
Lakshmi principle covers you up then the
Mahalakshmi principle starts is that you
think of the world as a great challenge
to you that you have to give them Hashmi
principle that you have to give them
realization you have to raise them up
and this principle one starts working in
the biological principle then all the
problems are your own you have to start
working it up so out of the Lakshmi
principle I hope you get all the chakras
all the principles satisfied in you
fully and also the Mahalakshmi principle
flows through your being you have to be
very satisfied I am comfortable people
it should be a personality which is
above everything else
such a beautiful personality you should
have is the depth of the sea and the
height of the colossal smile actually
principle when it is awakened within you
then you get out of a Lakshmi principle
which makes you little selfish maybe
self-centered and you get into a new
dimension of searching of searching the
higher very system something beyond
without any limitations and that
Mahalakshmi principle is really nothing
in a sense if you see is nothing but you
are seeking the universal now in the e
sense it is that cause this process of
loving it's the greatest joy giving
thing the worry should be one why can't
I love everyone as I love myself
I tell you only this Universal love will
give you that confidence and that higher
status all the great poets William Blake
or anywhere whatever they have done it's
just because they have this universal
love and they want to express it why not
you do it so if you want your
Mahalakshmi principle to be all the time
burning then please see that you love
each and every sahaja yogi that's the
message today I hope you'll understand
that we got this
[Music]
you